Yes, yes!
Mr. Chen is going to be at the eldest young master's wedding
Put Zhang shi's
Give Zhang Jiaquan to the eldest young master
Xu Fengxian said that he would run away for the little three
Ask me to buy herb mushrooms
But I see
Chen Chen put the mushrooms into the tea
Then Mr. Chen went to school
I bake
On the contrary, it was Xu Fengxian who bought him 10 years ago
Let him replace the depressants on the menu with vitamins
Then he suddenly came home
No more entertainment
Dad, yours is pure slander
You are malicious editing
Still arguing
Well, the old man is right
You are the real me
You don't deserve to kiss my grandfather
Chen Zhengsheng, you have lost your conscience
For that little power
confidant of the world
I hate him. I'm his son
He bypassed me to pass on the location of the head of the family to you
How can such a thing happen every day?
Why?
I refuse to accept that I have worked so hard since I was a child
But no matter what I do
That old thing is not satisfied
He said that if I don't become a soldier, I won't save me, hahaha.
Ah!
My son is nothing in his eyes
Is grandpa wrong?
Yeah, he's so right.
He gave you all his love
Ouch, I will also give you the location of my master.
I can't do that.
I take back what belongs to me. What's wrong?
I tell you the truth
I'm not interested in the Chen family's price increase group at all
I just want grandpa to live the rest of his life happily
But you ruined it all.
You don't take it seriously
No longer inferior
My mom will never come back
Even if you regret it now
Just go to the Yangtze River Dungeon and spend the rest of your life there